Splitting up the "Set configuration parameters" page (#1170)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.12.x/docs/language/values/locals.mdx

Local values are similar to function-scoped variables in other programming languages. Local values assign names to expressions, letting you use the name multiple times within a module instead of repeating that expression.

## Define locals

Add a `locals` block when you want to reuse an expression throughout your configuration. You can define the `locals` block in any module. The value you assign can be any valid Terraform expression and can reference the following:

- Variables
- Resource attributes
- Function outputs
- Other local values

For example, you could define a `locals` block to create a consistent naming convention, identify your primary subnet, and to set aside environmental configuration settings:

<CodeBlockConfig hideClipboard>

```hcl
locals {
  # Naming convention
  resource_name = "${var.project_name}-${var.environment}"

  # Process the subnet list
  primary_public_subnet = var.subnet_ids[0]
  subnet_count          = length(var.subnet_ids)

  # Environmental deployment settings
  is_production      = var.environment == "prod"
  monitoring_enabled = var.monitoring || local.is_production
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Refer to the [`locals` block reference](/terraform/language/block/locals) for more information about configuring local variables. 

## Reference local variables
```
Seems like there's two things: define the local values, then reference them.
This seems like the right spot to reference the locals block page.

Author: (Adding to my branch directly)

---
page_title: Use locals to reuse expressions
description: Learn how to use local values to assign names to expressions, letting you name and reuse expressions in your configuration.
---

# Use locals to reuse expressions

> **Hands-on:** Try the [Simplify Terraform Configuration with Locals](/terraform/tutorials/configuration-language/locals?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) tutorial.

Local values are similar to function-scoped variables in other programming languages. Local values assign names to expressions, letting you use the name multiple times within a module instead of repeating that expression.

## Define locals

> Add a `locals` block when you want to reuse an expression throughout your configuration. You can define the `locals` block in any module. The value you assign can be any valid Terraform expression and can reference the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `locals` block when you want to reuse an expression throughout your configuration. You can define the `locals` block in any module and can assign any valid Terraform expression as its value. You can reference the following constructs:
```
Better? Same? Worse?
